hey guess what toe-may-toe what what is
it you're a vegetable again you you
really mean it yeah they just announced
it on the news you're not afraid anymore
oh that's that's oh my god
I'm a vegetable again I knew this would
happen this is the greatest day of my
life
hey hey tomato yet it's orange
april fools you're still a fruit you
jerk you can't just bring people like
that sure you can
everyone's doing it my new flower what I
don't smell anything
I think you mean wash it that felt like
rain and rain makes me think of rainbows
okay you guys hear something hear what
what is it Shh pears derriere
hey what's going on with you Joe yeah
you guys are acting kind of weird I'm
warmer than a hot fudge sundae with an
itty-bitty cherry on top
yay you don't sound like pear you sound
like
marshmallow but if your marshmallow
thanks a lot marshmallow Wow yeah well
you should try getting into this outfit
yeah you didn't have any room to pair
grapefruit what like you guys are so
original looks like a fruit was
stretching the truth wait
if marshmallow is pear and pear with
marshmallow and if little apple is
grapefruit then who are you uh I'm still
a tomato we'll see about that oh that
hurts
yep she's a tomato all right is wrong
with you I think it bad you're an apple
you know what you need orange what nice
hey that's not Orange
that's little Apple gotten away with it
too if it weren't for that pesky knife
hey did someone say knife
whoa whoa now that's cool for thought
hey puppy face